+ Dresses
  Name: Wedding dress removable heirloom over-skirt and train
  Price: $525
  Colors: Black, White, Ivory, Taupe
  Sizes: XS, S, M, L, XL, XXL
  Materials: Mesh, Rhinestone
  Description: Hand-made heirloom, removable 3 ft. long wedding train/skirt. Includes 5 layers of soft netting tulle with hand sewn and delicately placed rhinestones throughout the skirt. The waist band is satin with a beautiful rhinestone motif hand sewn in the center. This latest over-skirt removable train trend will turn any dress into a beautiful one-of-a-kind gown.

  Name: Wedding dress heirloom 2pc. Removable Train and Versatile Sash Set
  Price: $550
  Sizes: XS, S, M, L, XL, XXL
  Colors: Ivory, White
  Materials: Mesh, Tulle, Lace, Rhinestones
  Description: Heirloom Set: hand-made with soft tulle and delicate rhinestones.

+ Veils
  Name: Wedding Day Veil
  Price: $90
  Colors: White, Ivory
  Dimensions: 42" length
  Description: Heirloom veil. Nylon mess with delicate corded and hand beaded motifs.

  Name: Wedding Day Chapel Veil With Blusher
  Price: $125
  Colors: White, Ivory
  Materials: Mesh, Rhinestones, Tulle
  Description: Heirloom chapel veil with blusher. Hand-made with soft tulle material and rhinestone details.

  Name: Wedding day custom made veil
  Price: $100
  Colors: White, Ivory
  Materials: Mesh, Tulle
  Description: Heirloom custom made veil is eloquently designed to match the bride's wedding dress. This is a soft mesh fabric with detailed motif lace, appliques, and a silver wire comb.

Garters

+ COVER UPS
  Name: Wedding Day Ultra-soft Faux Fur Cover Up
  Price: $95
  Material: Faux Fur, Soft Fur, Fur
  Colors: Tax, Beige, Taupe
  Description: Ultra soft polyester faux fur cap with polyester satin lining. Hook and eye closure. Beautiful rhinestone trim detail

  Name: Wedding Day Winter Bride Shawl
  Price: $65
  Sizes: S, M, L, XL
  Description: Hand-made delicate heirloom shawl. Faux fur with satin lining and a beautiful rhinestone closure.

  Name: Wedding day Faux Fur Cover-Up
  Price: $85
  Sizes: S, M, L, XL
  Materials: Fur, Rhinestones
  Description: This is a hand-made faux cover up with satin lining, delicate rhinestone detail, with a hook and eye closure.

+ Accessories
  Name: Personalized Wedding Day Clutch
  Price: $65
  Colors: White, Ivory
  Dimensions:
    Clutch: 8 1/2" x 5 1/2"
    Wrist Chain: 12" diameter
  Description: This is a personalized wedding day clutch. It has a heavy damask satin woven fabric shell with a delicate pearl and sequin motif detail on the outside. The lining is a satin dot weave. The wrist bracelet is a silver ball barring chain with a toggle closure. The inside photograph is a personalized picture sent to us by our customers. This item was inspired by my sister-in-law. She requested that I make her a few fun Christmas bags for her daughter and daughter-in-law. We personalized each bag with memorable pictures. Having a little memory of a moment or someone special was a perfect gift that can also be used for a beautiful bride. The personalized wedding clutch was created. This clutch is perfect for holding phones, IDs, lipstick, or any other delicate items a bride may need.

  Name: Wedding day heirloom custom made garter
  Price: $15
  Colors: Ivory, White, Light Blue
  Materials: Mesh, Lace
  Description: Heirloom custom made garter. Hand-made to match the bride's dress. Made with soft mesh, soft polyester ribbon, delicate motif and pearl.